---
title: About
layout: page
description: About
bodyClass: page-about
---

In 2005 we at Essential Needs and Services set out to bring our experience in the retail and service industry together to provide the best Nationwide Retail store service that can be offered. Our approach was simple but stuck to our core principles. Honesty with the customer and second to none contact with the customer. <br><br> We knew from experience that on many occasions calls are unanswered at times when stores desperately need them, we wanted to change that with 24 hour service. We did that. We also understood that in the rat race of the service industry no one wants to turn down work but at the same time honesty of what you can actually do is imperative. So we went in with a "no job is too big or too small"' however when we tell you we can do a job, you can count on us to know exactly what we are doing. We did that. <br><br>Lastly we wanted to continue this business far into the future so we kept it as a family business with family values. So when you do work with ENS we not only answer all your calls personally (never getting an automated system or answering service) but we remember your managers personally and your stores personal needs. Every store is different from the cities they are located in to the weather they deal with so we keep these things noted when we are working with our clients to make sure we are able to handle any obstacle that may come our way. A person un prepared is a person preparing to fail. <br><br>Now 20 years on and a 2nd generation in the business we would love to add your store or company to our family and show you what true custom service can feel like when you work with us. We look forward to hearing from you!